{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 So apparently my health class is on the other side of the freeway, nowhere near my algebra class, or UVU central campus for that matter, like what\'92s up with that? It\'92s a solid 30 minute walk down to the building, and I have less than 10 minuets to make it to class. That ain\'92t gonna fly, like what on earth happend to my schedule, my map kept directing me to the WB building, no one there even knew that a separate building even existed, and now I\'92m having a crisis because now my health instructor doesn\'92t even know I\'92m alive right now, for all he knows I could\'92ve fallen off a bridge on the way to class or something. Also Fire Emblem Warriors and Super Mario Odyssey release within a week of each other, like how am I gonna scrape that kind of cash up? I mean in the end I/ll probably diss Warriors, because of its dislikable characters and atrocious voice acting, so never mind I guess there\'92s no harm done. I guess that settles it. I mean I don\'92t even play Fire Emblem, ever since it turned into a weebish dating simulator feat. Some type of combat BS, it makes me wonder why I even considered this a problem to begin with. Also Square Enix wants FFXV on the Switch and I\'92m pretty sure the Switch can\'92t handle it considering the PS4 sounds like an exploding jet turbine trying to run the console version in the graphically weakest locations. Normally I\'92d totally understand if they need to tone down textures, skin and hair shaders, loading times and particle effects to give it that smooth frame rate and performance, but out of the damn blue Square freaking Enix has to come out and announce a \'93pocket edition\'94 of XV for mobile devices. Something tells me that\'92s the version Nintendo Switch is gonna be stuck with and I don\'92t think I can take that kind of disappointment. But maybe we won\'92t get it, I mean if the switch can handle the enormous dense world of Breath of the Wild, than it has potential to run XV, even if that game is an absolute render nightmare, like did you see how much they had to cut back on shadows, and hair particles, like now everyone\'92s faces looks all lifeless and muddy, and THAT was for PS4 optimization. So color me worried. At least it\'92s not as bad as Capcom, like damn get your act together, how do you ruin Street Fighter and Marvel VS Capcom in one clean sweep, like you\'92re trying to shoot yourselves in the foot. Do not even get me started on Monster Hunter Double Cross, l mean World looks sweet, but talk about a jerk move to leave Nintendo in the dark with Localization, you punks have kept us waiting all this time to receive Double Cross, and all you have to say for yourselves is \'93oh we don\'92t wanna bring it to the States\'94 my hell, dude, talk about a stab in the back, do I look like I can read Japanese?}